yeah I can't do everything look back
over your time together no fair I do
even have one how come make it two
you'll get one oh yeah when all right
I'll tell you what when we're 40 if
neither of us are married what do you
say you and I get together and have one
one when I be married when I'm 40 oh no
no no I just meant hypothetically okay
hypothetically why won't I be married
when I'm 40 no no no no no what is it
seriously is there something
fundamentally unmarriable about me
well dear god this this parachute is a
knapsack you think you know I was here
[Applause]
nice try look Monica this is not gonna
work
you look so great I love you what
nothing I said I said you're so great
and then I just I just stop talking no I
didn't you know I was thinking what if I
uh unpack here then all your stuff would
be here
well what if all my stuff was here then
you'd be going back and forth all the
time I mean doesn't make any sense okay
what if we live together and you
understand what I'm saying you wanted it
to be a surprise oh my god
Chandler and all my life I never thought
I would be so lucky is to fall in love
with my best my best there's a reason
why girls don't do this I thought like I
can do this I thought that it mattered
what I said or where I said it then I
realized the only thing that matters is
that you you make me happier than I ever
thought I could be and if you let me I
will spend the rest of my life trying to
make you feel the same way
we America
[Applause]